.ds q \N'34'
.TH markdown-toc-cli 1 "2018-02-20" "v0.4.2-0" "markdown-toc-cli.js"

.SH NAME
markdown-toc-cli \- Generate TOC (table of contents) of headlines from parsed markdown file

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B markdown-toc-cli
[\-\-help]
[\-o \fI<output>\fP] [\-\-stdout]
[\-\-update] [\-\-create] [\-\-delete] [\-\-toggle]
[\-i \fI<input>\fP] [\fIfilename\fP]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B markdown-toc-cli
Generate and update magically a table of contents based on the headlines of a parsed markdown.

.SH FEATURES
.TP
Auto linking via anchor tags
.TP
Depth control [1-6]
.TP
Enable or disable links
.TP
Use ordered list (1. ..., 2. ...)

.SH EXAMPLES
TODO

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-o,\ \-\-output\ [\fIoutput\fP]
Specify file output. If none is specified, write to the input file in place.
.TP
.BI \-\-stdout
Write the output to stdout instead of updating the input file.
.TP
.BI \-i,\ \-\-input\ [\fIinput\fP]
Specify file input, otherwise use last argument as input file. If no input file
is specified, read from stdin.
.TP
.BI \-\-update
Update a given TOC (default)
.TP
.BI \-\-create
Enable GFM line breaks. Only works with the gfm option.
.TP
.BI \-\-delete
Enable GFM tables. Only works with the gfm option.
.TP
.BI \-\-toggle
Sanitize output. Ignore any HTML input.
.TP
.BI \-h,\ \-\-help
Display help information.

.SH CONFIGURATION
For configuring and running programmatically.

.B Example

    require('markdown-toc-cli')('*foo*', 'update');

.SH BUGS
Please report any bugs to https://github.com/blaimi/markdown-toc-cli.

.SH LICENSE
Copyright (c) 2011-2014, Christopher Jeffrey (MIT License).
Copyright (c) 2014-2018, Darius Morawiec (MIT License).
Copyright (c) 2018, Matthias Blümel (MIT License).

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR markdown(1),
.BR node.js(1)
